Fix indentation of numbered list in README (#656)
SetProtocol/set-protocol-contracts: README.md

## Testing

> 0. Docker Set up

Reviewer: [optional][nit]

Can we make this ordered list start with step 1? Step 0 seems a bit confusing

```suggestion
1. Docker Set up
```

>     Firstly, you need to install Docker. The easiest way is to follow the Instructions on https://docs.docker.com/install/#supported-platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Firstly, you need to install Docker. The easiest way is to follow the instructions on https://docs.docker.com/install/#supported-platforms
```

>     You need to pull the docker image that you want to use by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Pull the docker image that you want to use. For example, run:
```

    ```

>     docker pull ethereum/solc:0.5.7

Reviewer: should we consider upgrading the Solidity version here to something like 0.8.0+? 

^ Disregard, it looks like the contracts in this repo may be pinned to 0.5.7 per https://github.com/SetProtocol/set-protocol-contracts/blob/master/contracts/core/Core.sol#L17

    ```

>     If you wish not to set up docker, you can turn off the `docker: true` flag in truffle.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you wish to not set up docker, you can turn off the `docker: true` flag in truffle.js [here](https://github.com/SetProtocol/set-protocol-contracts/blob/master/truffle.js#L29)
```
